in fact for four years
Rusanovsky car market
summer always lacks
Buyers first of all it is connected
with the tourist period many people
go on holiday
rest someone engaged in tourist
business and economic activity
at all
declining 17 that this year it's still
coincided with the fact that
enforced restrictions from
Azerbaijan and maybe someone from
businessmen have the feeling that between
this is actually some kind of connection
there is no connection here it is just
coincidence of circumstances we expect that
closer to autumn when always in october
November
economic activity rises
precisely in terms of car purchases
The situation is of course equalized.
concerns from those people who are now on
car market
lacking in buyers
Of course, this situation was always and
need to understand that this is a market
economy when the market was 100
sellers and each of them sold for 10
cars had one situation when on
market 1000 sellers and each one
wants to sell your car
you create a competitive environment in
which survives the strongest is the market
economy and every entrepreneur
who come to Rostotsky car market
do business he must understand that his
business is connected with risk it can
make money he may lose these
money and everyone should
make decisions agree to risk or
no there was no such year so that someone would not
complained then complained that they left
representatives of kazakhstan citizens
who bought the car and then
reduced demand from citizens
armenia
it always happens that people don't
like it because when you are around
man he sells the car you do not
buys you it seems that some
injustice is a market economy
what happened now now
Azerbaijanis significantly reduced prices
Georgian market at the moment is not yet
responded to this decline and
at the moment we have not
competitive advantage over
which prices are already now baku but with
over time, the demand should equalize
price offer
I think the price will change in Georgia and
in America and Japan due to the fact that
first of all, this is a limitation of banks
which are now greatly enhanced
lending requirements
by car if before a man
wanting to buy a car on credit
could 20-30 percent of the original installment
deposit and receive the remaining amount
loan now in some banks
down payment has passed for 60 70
percent and the ability of people to buy
cars on credit dropped significantly
that the market immediately responded
responded by reducing demand
when demand falls for some time
happens
market adjustment or should decrease
offer or even two months price
time will put everything in its place
market economy which in which
my mind does not need to actively intervene
the government creates the rules of the game for
exact comfortable set
taxation
and customs excise taxes after that each
market participant himself defines his play
by these rules or not if he accepted
These rules mean he is aware
that once he will win by car when
then lose
it means now such a moment when someone
loses
maybe tomorrow is the moment he
will win this business to them nowhere else
buy cars anyway
Azerbaijan imports its cars
country another question what cars
Azerbaijani citizens will buy
can as many cars as before
Can Azerbaijani citizens be able to buy ?
buy in the same volume I thought in
quantitative expression the figure is
will change if previously bought is admissible
4 thousand cars now
there will be a figure of 2 and a half three thousand
cars but these cars will be by
price is more expensive and in terms of money
trade between georgia and
Azeri I think sooner or later
will reach the previous level or even
will get bigger here
this month is an approximate amount
re-export
export between georgia and azerbaijan i
I can say that for four
years this figure has constantly grown but if
taking summer periods for example june and
July
then every year this figure filed I can
say that now is still quite a lot
there have been buyers a month when we are ours
partners complained what to buy at all
or not the eleventh twelfth year in
same time around three four thousand
Mary exported precisely with our
car market
monthly please i can
see imagine you
but look really like 4 years
work trosovskiy car market on
four years from the fifth year already
in fact often turn off the sound
something urgent 1
not
all key sound u okay some
T-shirts questions and tasks more than I know
but I'm about the situation